title,goodFor,noOfDays,focusArea,duration,level,instructions,breath,equipments
Push-Up Power,"building-muscle, Fat Loss",12,"Chest, Core, Shoulders","15, 30","Int, Adv","This fun and unique HIIT-style program focuses exclusively on unusual push-up variations that incorporate fluid movement and undulations. It is a great way to build your chest and triceps, while also increasing your functional-strength and mobility. 
 
The first half of this program consists of 6 sessions of the Push-Up Power Workout, which introduces simpler versions of these push-up variations. After three sessions, the exercise times will increase in duration to further challenge your endurance once you get the hang of the movements. In the second half, you will perform the Undulating Push-Up Power Workout, which includes the more advanced versions, and which will again increase in duration after 3 sessions.

Some of these push-up variations may feel quite challenging at first, but once you get the hang of them, they are super fun! The key is to focus on your breath. Be sure to also watch the videos and read the tips. The time you put into truly understating and mastering them as you get started will pay off pay off tremendously in the long run.
","Because this program works the same muscles in every workout, you should always take at least 1 - 2 days off between sessions. This will ensure you get the most benefit from each workout, and will help avoid injury or joint strain.",Bodyweight
InSpiral,"Functional Training, Back Pain",12,Full Body,"15 , 30, 45","Int, Adv","This program alternates between upper and lower body workouts, with a focus on functional movement and spiral-based exercises.
 
You’ll perform this 2-day upper/lower body split 3 times (for a total of 6 workout sessions), with the durations of the exercises increasing the last time. Then you’ll move to a more advanced version of the same split, again performing it 3 times, with increased duration the last time. 
   
 Many of these exercises may be unfamiliar to you, so be sure to take the time to watch the videos and read the tips. The more you establish solid form early on, the more you’ll enjoy and benefit from these exercises.

This program repeats these alternating workouts multiple times before increasing the number of reps. Then it introduces you to more advanced variations of the same exercises, again increasing the number of reps toward the end of the program. This gives you the opportunity to learn the exercises and establish truly solid form, which which is key to building true strength and athleticism.",This program is designed to be performed 4 - 5 days a week. I recommend taking a rest day after every second session. ,Bodyweight
Balance and Stability BEG / INT,"Balance, Functional Training, Fat Loss",8,Full Body,20 / 40 / 60,"Beg, Int","This dynamic program is excellent for building functional-strength, with a focus on balance and stability. 

You will perform the first workout five times, then will progress to more complex variations of the exercises in the second half of the program. Use the repetition in this program to perfect your form and build the strong foundations that will allow you to truly enjoy and benefit from these exercises. ","The most effective schedule for this program is to do the workouts every other day. 

If you’re choosing the shortest versions of the workouts or are not feeling sore, you can also perform multiple days consecutively before taking a rest. Just be sure to always take at least one day off each week.",Bodyweight
Balance and Stability INT/ADV,"Balance, Functional Training, Fat Loss",9,Full Body,20 / 40 / 60,"Int, Adv","This program will introduce you to a series of fun and challenging functional exercises that focus on balance and athleticism. Throughout the program, you will progress through three versions of each exercise, increasing in complexity and difficulty. 

You will perform each of the three workouts in this program only five times before progressing to a more challenging version, and it includes some awesomely challenging variations, so be sure to use each and every session to really master the exercises!","The most effective schedule for this program is to do the workouts every other day. 

 If you’re choosing the shortest versions of the workouts or are not feeling sore, you can also perform multiple days consecutively before taking a rest. Just be sure to always take at least one day off each week.",Bodyweight
Glute Bridges Galore - BEG / INT,"building-muscle, Back Pain",6,"Glutes, Legs, Core","7, 15, 20","Beg, Int","Grab your towel or yoga mat - this intense glute workout rocks multiple variations of the glute bridge, offering a powerful low impact workout for the glutes, hamstrings, and lower back.

You’ll perform the first workout three times before progressing to the next one. After your third session of the beginner workout, if you feel you’d like to repeat it again before moving on, feel free to repeat a day before continuing. To do this, tap the day number that you just completed instead of the next day’s number at the bottom of the Program Overview page. You may repeat any workout in any program as many times as you’d like before moving on.
","After each workout in this program, take 1 - 2 days off, depending on soreness. It’s important to give your muscles (and tendons and ligaments) time to recover before working them intensely again. And… this workout is intense!",Bodyweight
Glute Bridges Galore - INT / ADV,"building-muscle, Back Pain",6,"Glutes, Legs, Core","7, 15, 20","Int, Adv","This two-phase program includes a wide variety of exercises to rock the glutes, hamstrings, and lower back. It includes fun and unusual glute bridge variations, with some especially challenging ones in the second half of the program.
 
You’ll perform the intermediate workout three times before progressing to 3 sessions of the advanced workout. After your third session, if you feel you’d like to repeat the first workout more before moving onto the next level of difficulty, feel free to repeat a day before continuing. To do this, simply tap the day number that you just completed instead of the next day’s number at the bottom of the Program Overview page. You may repeat any workout in any program as many times as you’d like before moving on.","After each workout in this program, take 1 - 2 days off, depending on soreness. It’s important to give your muscles (and tendons and ligaments) time to recover before working them intensely again. And… this workout is intense!",Bodyweight
The Seven Minute Six Pack - Beg / Int,"Fat Loss, building-muscle, Back Pain",9,Core,"7 , 15","Beg, Int","This program is a series of three quick, efficient HIIT-style core workouts. You will perform each workout three times before moving onto the next (more difficult) one. 

 While this program is called the Seven Minute Six Pack, you’ll be building more than just washboard abs! This program works every single muscle in the core, from the abs and obliques to the pelvic floor muscles and multifidus (the small muscles connected to each vertebra)… enjoy!","After each workout in this program, take 1 - 2 days off, depending on soreness. It’s important to give your muscles (and tendons and ligaments) time to recover before working them intensely again. 

After your third session on each workout, if you feel you’d like to repeat it before moving onto the next level of difficulty, feel free to repeat a day before moving on. To do this, simply tap the day number that you just completed instead of the next day’s number at the bottom of the Program Overview page. You may repeat any workout in any program as many times as you’d like before moving on.

This program can be performed in tandem with another full body program for those looking to really focus on core strength. ",Bodyweight
"The Seven Minute Six Pack - Int, Adv","Fat Loss, building-muscle, Back Pain",9,Core,"7 , 15","Int, Adv","This program combines classic core crushing exercises with a few of our favorite Poznic Training originals, to offer you a series of three rocking HIIT-style core workouts. You will perform each workout three times before moving onto the next (more difficult) one.

This program not only works the entire core, but also offers a killer cardio and balance challenge.","After each workout in this program, take 1 - 2 days off, depending on soreness. It’s important to give your muscles (and tendons and ligaments) time to recover before working them intensely again.

 After your third session on each workout, if you feel you’d like to spend more time on it before moving on, feel free to repeat a day before continuing the program. To do this, simply tap the day number that you just completed instead of the next day’s number at the bottom of the Program Overview page.

This program can be performed in tandem with another full body program for those looking to really focus on core strength.",Bodyweight
Bodyweight Program - BEG / INT,"Fat Loss, building-muscle",18,Full Body,"15, 30, 45",Beg,"Whether you’re looking to burn fat, build muscle, or improve your general health, this well-rounded program will deliver. Inspired by traditional Push/Pull/Legs splits, it provides a full body workout over the course of each 3-day cycle. 

 First you’ll perform this 3-day full body split 3 times, for a total of 9 workout sessions. Then you’ll move to a more advanced version of the same split, again performing it 3 times.","Perform the three days consecutively, then take one day off before repeating.
 
Or repeat the 3-day split (cycle) twice in a row before taking a rest day, but be sure to always take at least one day off each week.

This program is most appropriate for people working out at least 4 days a week.",Bodyweight
Bodyweight Program - INT,"Fat Loss, building-muscle",27,Full Body,"15, 30, 45","Int, Adv","This powerful program lasts approximately 6 weeks and is great for those looking to dive deep into an extended fitness journey. It is inspired by traditional Push/Pull/Legs splits, and provides a full body workout over the course of each 3-day cycle.
 
Throughout the 27 workout sessions, you’ll progress from simpler foundational exercises to more advanced and creative variations. Be sure to establish solid form in the early sessions  to ensure you can enjoy the more complex variations later in the program.

 In this program, you’ll perform the first 3-day full body split 3 times, for a total of 9 workout sessions. Then you’ll move to a more challenging version of the same split, again performing it 3 times. Finally you’ll move to the most advanced version… good luck!","Perform the three days consecutively, then take one day off before repeating. 

Or repeat the 3-day split (cycle) twice in a row before taking a rest day, but be sure to always take at least one day off each week.

This program is most appropriate for people working out at least 4 days a week.",Bodyweight
Bodyweight Program - INT / ADV,"Fat Loss, building-muscle",18,Full Body,"15, 30, 45","Int, Adv","This comprehensive program works strength, balance, explosive power, mobility, and endurance. The first half of the program is not easy, but be sure to commit yourself to learning and executing the exercises with power and precision, as the second half includes some really fun, dynamic, and challenging variations on what you’ll have mastered. 

This program is inspired by traditional Push/Pull/Legs splits, and provides a full body workout over the course of each 3-day cycle.

 You’ll perform the first 3-day full body split 3 times, for a total of 9 workout sessions. Then you’ll move to the more advanced version of the same split, again performing it 3 times.","Perform the three days consecutively, then take one day off before repeating. 

Or repeat the 3-day split (cycle) twice in a row before taking a rest day, but be sure to always take at least one day off each week.

This program is most appropriate for people working out at least 4 days a week.",Bodyweight
Glutes of Glory - BEG,"building-muscle, Back Pain",6,"Glutes, Legs, Core","10, 20, 30",Beg,"This short, focused program gives a powerful boost to your glutes, hamstrings and lower back. It’s a great way to decrease back pain, improve strength through the lower body, and improve stability and balance. 

 You’ll perform the first workout three times before progressing to the next one. After your third session of the beginner workout, if you feel you’d like to spend more time on it before moving on, feel free to repeat a day before continuing. To do this, tap the day number that you just completed instead of the next day’s number at the bottom of the Program Overview page. You may repeat any workout in any program as many times as you’d like before moving on.","After each workout in this program, take 1 - 2 days off, depending on soreness. It’s important to give your muscles (and tendons and ligaments) time to recover before working them intensely again. Enjoy!",Bodyweight
Glutes of Glory - INT,"Functional Training, Back Pain",9,"Glutes, Legs, Core","10, 20, 30",INT,"This program rocks your glutes and hamstrings through a progression of dynamic exercises that include challenges in strength, balance, and explosive power. They also include a solid dose of spinal rotations, offering a wonderful benefit to those with back issues, as well as anyone looking of increase functional-strength and athleticism. 

You’ll perform each of the three workouts three times, for a total of 9 sessions. The exercises in each workout progress in difficulty, so if you feel you need more time to master one of the workouts before moving on, feel free to repeat it. To do this, tap the day number that you just completed instead of the next day’s number at the bottom of the Program Overview page. You may repeat any workout in any program as many times as you’d like before moving on.
","After each workout in this program, take 1 - 2 days off, depending on soreness. It’s important to give your muscles (and tendons and ligaments) time to recover before working them intensely again. Enjoy!",Bodyweight
Glutes of Glory - ADV,"building-muscle, Back Pain",6,"Glutes, Legs, Core","10 , 20 , 30",ADV,"This program is built from two highly athletic workouts and will keep you sweating while building truly powerful glutes and hamstrings. 

You’ll perform the first workout three times before progressing to the next one. After your third session of the first workout, if you feel you’d like to spend more time on it before moving on, feel free to repeat a day before continuing. To do this, tap the day number that you just completed instead of the next day’s number at the bottom of the Program Overview page. You may repeat any workout in any program as many times as you’d like before moving on.","After each workout in this program, take 1 - 2 days off, depending on soreness. It’s important to give your muscles (and tendons and ligaments) time to recover before working them intensely again. Enjoy!",Bodyweight
Traditional Upper / Lower - BEG,"building-muscle, Fat Loss",12,Full Body,"15, 30, 45",Beg,"This program alternates between upper and lower body workouts, and consists exclusively of classic exercises that are guaranteed to deliver results. If you’re eager to dive into powerful workouts without having to learn complex new exercises, this program is for you!

You’ll perform this 2-day upper/lower body split 3 times, for a total of 6 sessions. Then you’ll move to a split with more advanced versions of the same exercises, again performing it 3 times. ","It’s ideal to perform both days of a split consecutively before taking a break. So with this program, you can take a break after every 2, 4, or 6 days. Just be sure to take at least one day off each week.",Bodyweight
Traditional Upper / Lower - INT,"building-muscle, Fat Loss",18,Full Body,"15, 30, 45",Int,"This program is made up of tried and true exercises that will help you build strength and burn calories. It alternates between upper and lower body workouts, and progresses through three levels of difficulty over 18 sessions.

As exercises in this program are less unusual than some others in this app, it’s a great chance to work on really honing your form and execution of these classics.

You’ll perform the first 2-day split 3 times, for a total of 6 sessions. The exercises will increase in difficulty after that, and then again after another 6. ","It’s ideal to perform both days of a split consecutively before taking a break. So with this program, you can take a break after every 2, 4, or 6 days. Just be sure to take at least one day off each week.",Bodyweight
Traditional Upper / Lower - ADV,"building-muscle, Fat Loss",18,Full Body,"15, 30, 45",Adv,"Ready for a challenge? This program progresses from classic intermediate exercises to powerfully demanding variations that will leave you exhausted but proud of yourself… and stronger too!

 It alternates between upper and lower body workouts, and progresses through three levels of difficulty over 18 sessions.

You’ll perform the first 2-day split 3 times, for a total of 6 sessions. Then the exercises will increase in difficulty, and then again after another 6 sessions. ","As this program is intense, I recommend taking a rest day after every second workout. 

 If you prefer, you can also take a rest day after every 4 or 6 days. Gains in strength and size are best achieved by working muscles that are not too sore. So if, for example, you’re about to work your legs and they’re still sore from the workout two days before, it might wise to take a rest day before continuing. Regardless of soreness, always be sure to take at least one day off each week.",Bodyweight
FUNCTIONAL FUN,"building-muscle, Fat Loss, functional-strength",30,Full Body,"15, 30, 45","Beg, Int","This program focuses on balance, coordination, and functional strength, using fun, original exercises. The first 6 workouts are foundational, low-impact beginner’s workouts, which will help prepare you for the more unusual workouts as you move along. This program is especially effective for athletes, or anyone looking to improve their dynamic movement skills. 

This program alternates between upper and lower body workouts, repeating each 2-day (upper/lower) split 3 times before progressing the next, more difficult set of workouts.","Due to the functional nature of this program and the alternation between upper and lower body, you can safely perform it multiple days in a row. The simplest way to perform it is to do two days in a row and then take a rest day. If you’re not too sore, you can also string together up to 6 days of workouts in a row,  as long as you take at least one full rest day per week.",Bodyweight